Machine-Gun/Bauderr
===================

Machine-Gun script named [Bauderr](https://www.mslscript.com) for [mIRC
](https://www.mirc.com/get.html)and [Adiirc](https://adiirc.com/download.php)
clients. Internet Relay Chat script networked with www.mslscript.com account and
proxy servers. If you are using a terminal client you may find it easier to use
a web-browser to interact with the client settings which is actually the
proxy-server settings for that client. You will have to login with
username/client_name for your username in your proxy settings of your IRC
client.  Log in to**
**[https://www.mslscript.com/login](https://www.mslscript.com/login.html)** **to
see your available proxy servers that work with your *username* and *password*.
Follow the instructions on
[https://www.mslcript.com/proxy](https://www.mslcript.com/proxy) if you use mIRC
or Adiirc clients. If you are going to open the script more than once; then
copy/paste the *Machine-Gun* folder to a new folder name, such as
**Machine-Gun-copy2** so that you are not running the same script files more
than once. Set your background of the far-far background to the image in
*.\\Scripts\\bauderr\\images\\background.jpg* and settings to “normal” seem to
work best for me.

 

Bauderr/Client_Name
-------------------

When you login in to a IRC server, with the proxy server settings found at
**https://www.mslcript.com/proxy**, then the popup menus will unlock on servers
you are connected to via proxy server. Your session will resume on the network
if you have connected to it before. Use `/msg *status ActiveChans` to view all
client-names, networks, and joined channels you are in, also channels you have
detached (such as disconnected networks). Use `/msg *status ClientNames `to view
client names and networks and nicknames of all proxy server connections. Set
your client name in your proxy server settings as part of your username
*username***/***any_imaginary_client_name* (notice the forward-slash) you may
put any alphabetic letters and underscores and hyphens (not two in a row and
must contain a letter from a`-Z`). There is a maximum 23 letters for client name
and 12 letters for username.

 

\* End of Document.
